docs(Window): add kb for backdrop blur (#2029)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/window-backdrop-blur.md

---

> title: Apply a backdrop filter with a blur effect to the Modal Window background

Reviewer: Use title case. See [Titles and Headings](https://docs.telerik.com/style-guide/titles-and-headings#capitalization).

description: How to apply a backdrop filter with a blur effect to the background content of the Modal Window.
type: how-to

> page_title: Apply a backdrop filter with a blur effect to the Modal Window background

Reviewer: Use title case

slug: window-kb-backdrop-blur
position: 
tags: 
ticketid: 1642061
res_type: kb
---

## Environment
<table>
	<tbody>
		<tr>
			<td>Product</td>
			<td>Window for Blazor</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

## Description

> * How do I blur the background in Windows?

Reviewer: Introduce the questions with something like "This KB article answers the following questions:". For the exact wording, see other KBs that follow this pattern.

> * How do I blur the background in Windows?

Reviewer: Do you mean the operating system or the component? Try using precise expressions.

* Is it possible to apply a backdrop filter with a blur effect on the background content of the Window?

## Solution

> Override the built-in CSS styles of the background with the code below to adjust the blur amount. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust the blur amount, override the built-in CSS styles of the background. Use the code below to achieve the desired results.
```

> >caption This code will affect all modal Dialogs and Windows on the web page.

Reviewer: Treat captions like titles, they must extract the essence and be concise. This is a complete sentence.
